This box is lit
Ruth Maiden in
OK.
Ruth, you are here
Why is he waiting for you next door?
Hello, Mr. Sun, open the wine and pour the wine.
What are you doing?
Watch what I do
You can't walk steadily by yourself.
You almost stepped on me
Now spill the wine on Kang Yuan
It's not cheap
I think you are deliberately trying to seduce Kang Shao
I don't have it.
On despicable things
Also seduce my man
Bitch stop
What are you doing?
Mr. Lu, the photographer, seduced Master Kang
Caught by his girlfriend
I'm asking him to apologize now
Fourth brother Lu
You have no idea how cheap this woman is
I actually deliberately cried into my boyfriend's arms
I'm still here.
If I wasn't here
It is estimated that both of them can get hot
I don't have it.
Come in and quibble
That's enough!
you
Drive me home